Finish the `flint_base` submodule, depreciate old roots and factor out more utils (#63)
flintlib/python-flint: README.md

* Improved printing and string input/output
* IPython hooks (TeX pretty-printing etc.)

CHANGELOG
-------------

0.5.0

> - gh-63: The `roots` method of `arb_poly`, and `nmod_poly` is no longer supported. Use `acb_roots(p).roots()` to get the old behaviour of returning the roots as `acb`. Note that the `roots` method of `fmpz_poly` and `fmpq_poly` currently returns the complex roots of the polynomial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gh-63: The `roots` method of `arb_poly`, and `nmod_poly` is no longer supported. Use `acb_roots(p).roots()` to get the old behaviour of returning the roots as `acb`. Note that the `roots` method of `fmpz_poly` and `fmpq_poly` previously returned the complex roots of the polynomial.
```

Reviewer: I'm a bit confused here.

Why are the changes to `arb_poly` being described differently to `fmpz_poly`?

Is the roots method not being removed from all of them except `acb_poly`?

Author: They still do. Although I've removed support from the very base class, the fmpz_poly has its own roots method which fmpq_poly inherits. One option is of course to delete the method here as well.

Reviewer: Oh, I see.

Okay then this is fine for now.

Author: In the future I would like integer roots from fmpz and rational roots from fmpq, but this can wait until we link things up with Flint3 and the genetics I hope. For now this removal allowed the most simple refactoring to start.
